Update Documentation (#38)
exasol/error-reporting-python: README.md

error2 = error.ExaError(
    "E-TEST-2",
    message="Fire in the server room",
    mitigations=[
        "Use the fire extinguisher",

>         "Flood the room with halon gas (Attention: be sure no humans in the room!)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "Flood the room with halon gas (Attention: make sure no humans are in the room!)"
```
